docs: how to adjust profile_list dynamically based on user etc (#2697)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: docs/source/jupyterhub/customizing/user-environment.md

how it is used directly under the `singleuser` configuration section.
[A further explanation for this can be found in this github issue.](https://github.com/jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s/issues/1242#issuecomment-484895216)

### User-dependent profile options

It is also possible to configure the profile choices presented to the user depending on the user.
You can do this by defining a custom **pre-spawn hook** that populates the profile list based on user identity.

> See [this discourse post](https://discourse.jupyter.org/t/tailoring-spawn-options-and-server-configuration-to-certain-users/8449) for some examples of how this works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [this discourse post](https://discourse.jupyter.org/t/tailoring-spawn-options-and-server-configuration-to-certain-users/8449) for some examples of how this works.

```

how it is used directly under the `singleuser` configuration section.
[A further explanation for this can be found in this github issue.](https://github.com/jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s/issues/1242#issuecomment-484895216)

> ```{note}
> It is also possible to configure the profile choices presented to the user depending on the user. For now, this is documented in [this discourse post](https://discourse.jupyter.org/t/tailoring-spawn-options-and-server-configuration-to-certain-users/8449).
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### User-dependent profile options

It is also possible to configure the profile choices presented to the user depending on the user.
You can do this by defining a custom **pre-spawn hook** that populates the profile list based on user identity.
See [this discourse post](https://discourse.jupyter.org/t/tailoring-spawn-options-and-server-configuration-to-certain-users/8449) for some examples of how this works.

```

Reviewer: I think this will make the information a bit more discoverable in the right sidebar, does that work?
